8.12.2 Release notes (#4834)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.12.asciidoc

== 8.12

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.12.2]]
=== 8.12.2

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.12.2]]
==== Bug fixes

> * Fixes long-running queries in Timeline and Events tables within Explore pages ({pull}176838[#176838]).

Reviewer: 👍🏾 thanks! Succinct and to the point 😄

* Updates the default {bedrock} connector API URL ({pull}176090[#176090]).
* Ensures the risk score query only searches through alerts associated with the current user ({pull}175903[#175903]).

> * Fixes a bug that prevented numbers from being used for Osquery pack IDs ({pull}176507[#176507]).

Reviewer 2: Thanks for taking care of this 🙇 
I think I explained it poorly in my PR, sorry! I would say it can be more like:
`Fixes a bug that prevents scheduled pack's query to run if query id is made of only numbers.` 
Does this make sense?

Author: Thanks for the additional context here, @tomsonpl! How's this:
```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented scheduled query packs from running if a pack's ID was composed of numbers ({pull}176507[#176507]).
```

Reviewer 2: Looks awesome, thank you :)

> * Fixes bugs that affected the rule details page layout if rule filters were extremely long or had aliases ({pull}176590[#176590]).

Reviewer 3: Not sure how much detail should go into this but these are actually two different bugs:
`Fixes bug that affected the rule details page layout if rule filters were extremely long`
`Fixes bug that affected rule filters in rule details page if the filters had aliases`

Reviewer 4: ++ These are two different bugs fixed by a single PR. The second one, related to filter aliases, had nothing to do with the page's layout.

Also FWIW "aliases" are called "Custom labels" in the UI.

Author: Thanks, both! How about this:

```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that affected the rule details page layout if rule filters were extremely long. Also fixes a bug that incorrectly caused rule filters to display instead of custom labels ({pull}176590[#176590]).
```

Reviewer 3: I'd suggest:

"Also fixes a bug that incorrectly caused rule filters to display instead of **their** custom labels"

The logic is: if the rule filter has a custom label, display that label instead of the rule filter itself. The bug was showing the filter always, even for filters that had custom labels.

Hope that helps.
